Add arm64 signed official builds. (#209)
microsoft/vcpkg-tool: CMakeLists.txt

option(VCPKG_BUILD_FUZZING "Option for enabling vcpkg-fuzz support" OFF)
option(VCPKG_EMBED_GIT_SHA "Option for to fill in the Git SHA version; off by default to avoid privacy concerns out of official builds" OFF)
option(VCPKG_ADD_SOURCELINK "Option for enabling SourceLink in debug information on Windows/MSVC builds" "${VCPKG_EMBED_GIT_SHA}")

> option(VCPKG_PDB_SUFFIX "Option to append to the name of the PDB for the shipping vcpkg binaries." "")

Reviewer: This isn't an option (options are boolean), it should be a regular cache variable:

```suggestion
set(VCPKG_PDB_SUFFIX "" CACHE STRING "Append this string to the name of the PDB for shipping vcpkg binaries.")
```

    VCPKG_VERSION=${VCPKG_VERSION}
    VCPKG_BASE_VERSION=${VCPKG_BASE_VERSION}
)
if (WIN32)
    target_compile_options(vcpkglib PRIVATE /EHsc)

> endif()

Reviewer: Best to add `/EHsc` to `CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS`, I think, given that we're adding it to every C++ target; at some point before `add_library`, write `string(APPEND CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS " /EHsc")`
